Kickoff Meeting

* Ashley: Goal of first meeting is to frame the working group via this formation doc
   * Henry: “Purpose” section notes Vendor involvement but no presence on this call, and nothing explicit in the goals.
   * OllieH: “Facilitate” versus “Support” migration
   * Try to agree on a timeframe/schedule for the WG and/or the effort across the industry?
   * SeanW: Does the VFX Platform give us enough already?
   * LarryG: According to Platform 2020, we should be there already.  But vendor-products are a big practical limitation.
   * MarkW: Can present strategy for AWS but not necessarily explicit timeline.  This involves allowing sandboxed subsystems (like batch execution in Deadline) to be upgraded separately before UI / gui main interpreter.
   * LarryG: Vendors may not be able to provide advanced product information (for commercial and technical reasons).
   * Martin: Does the group need hard timelines/schedule from vendors? Or is accurate current status and strategies sufficient?
   * JohnH: It would be good to have a broad schedule that involves overlapped availability of Python2 and Python3 versions with support for a year or so before deprecation.
   * LarryG: Need sufficient period to test and migrate modules which may not have extensive testing.  Can the vendors support with debugging tools?
   * Ryan: Valuable WG goal is to articulate and coordinate common problems to avoid duplicate efforts.
   * Ibrahim: For C++ compiled extensions, there’s been a lot of interest in migration from boost python to pybind11.  Can a recommendation be made as a goal for this group?
   * Martin: Autodesk has also had this discussion.  The “elephant” is open source projects that use C++ bindings.
   * OllieH: A goal or non-goal would be to clearly state intention to be involved with third-party projects.
   * Daniel: VFX Platform python status spreadsheet is a good start but may not be actively maintained.  A possible “deliverable” for the WG would be a similar document with maintained status and details.  A related goal is for the WG to explicitly coordinate with the VFX Reference Technology Committee (Python 3 WG).[c]
   * Ashley: Next section of doc is communication channels
   * Larry: Mailing list and slack channel can be easily set up under ASWF
   * John: Can action now:
      * https://lists.aswf.io/g/wg-python3
      * slack.aswf.io channel #wg-python3
   * Henry: Need to determine meeting cadence and timeslot
   * Kimball: Ping-pong timeslot to allow attendance from far-flung participants might be pragmatic
   * Ashley: Monthly cadence?
   * Kimball, Henry, Martin: may need to have increased frequency to start with
   * Ashley: next meeting in 2 weeks.

## Action items:
   * [x] Ashley: formulate draft README from discussion
   * [x] John: Send out doodle poll for next meeting
