# ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - 2020/10/19
## Attendees

# Action Items

# Agenda
* Notetaker: Your name
* Review action points from last meeting
	- [ ] Find list of [What’s new & what’s going away in 3.9](https://docs.python.org/3.9/whatsnew/3.9.html#removed) **JT Nelson**
* PR Review
	* Meeting notes template by JT Nelson
	* Autodesk statement by Martin de Lasa
	 * Has a requested change on it
* Any blockers
* Ashley Whetter - Has anyone noticed segfaults on exit with PySide 2 and Python 3?
* David Aguilar - New Python 2/3 coding guidelines
* Additional items

