# 22 June 2020

Presents
- Ashley Whetter
- Ryan Bottriedll
- JT Nelson
- Ricky Rieckenberg
- Mark Wiebe
- John Mertic
- Ollie Harding 
- Dora Morolli
- Zhicheng Ye
- David Aguilar

## Election of a permanent chair
Ashley: we will leave this for another meeting, when there are more people present

## How to get vendors involved
Ashley: it was originally the vendors idea to set up this group. I'm working with Daniel on it. Any idea how to get them involved?
Ollie: we should not wait too long for formulate a plan - it is coming!

## Creation of deliverables
Ashley: How do we want to go about creating some of the documents we mentioned last time? Best practices of transitions, common problems, maintainable list of practices..
We spoke about a document updated regurarly, via Google Drive or GitHub, rather than having it updated in this meeting
How do we want the document happen? i..e in the background vs in this meeting
Dora: it's preferable to use GitHub as it's more open and visible
Ricky: we can use the Slack channel for discussion
Ashley: Slack can be used for instant discussion, as well as using this meeting for having quick resolves
Ryan: if it's static documentation it makes sense in GitHub, but maybe something more collaborative would be easier (as in Google Docs)
Ashley: we can link to the Google Docs in GitHub. Notification is a problem so we could use this meeting to outline what has changed
Ryan: how does the Linux foundation do this kind of things?
John: we can set up something like this with our mailing list. Also GitHub has a new discussion feature that some communities start to use. There are a lot of different options, depending on the engagement we want. The mailing list should be already subscribable and most of our communities use a GitHub repo with a Contributing.md and a Readme.md, how to get involved (similar to a code project)
Ryan: I feel GitHub might get in the way because of the authentication issues, but we could try to stick with GH and see how it goes

## is there anything that is currently blocking anyone?
Ollie: we are blocked by not knowing dates
Mark: there are some things that we can do like import future. Are people doing that?
Ryan: we should futurizing our code but there's no motivation as we don't have any dates
Ashley: it's a big challenge and it's going to take a lot of dev time. we want to spread it 
Ricky: similar, we want to spread as much as possible 
Ashley: how? we have been thinking to use a tool called "python modernise" 
Ricky: we are still looking at it with python linters, 2to3 reports
Ryan: we use pylint with the -3k flag and capturing what numbers of issues we have in our repos
Ashley: we have looked that pylint reports look practically identical. I'm curious to see how many false positives we are going to have
Ryan: we haven't been tested much. there are a few things that can become noise but we have done all of them regardless. most will be caught with automatic reports
Ashley: one thing we have been doing is removing support with 2.6
Ollie: afaik there's no vendor holding up on 2.6. for me the main blocker is not having a community thumbs up in starting the modernising
Ashley: sounds like not having pressure is holding people up: we cannot prioritise things if we don't have idea when it's going to happen
Ryan: there's a sense of there's too much work and there's not much correlation between number of issues and complexity of the issue (in order to estimate correctly). it would be nice to have a tool that can help in that sense
Ashley: we are unsure of how long converting a piece of code could take. We might want it done by this date but we don't know how realistic that number would take
Ollie: is it genuilly that the only blocker is that we don't have a date?
Ryan: I would say that there's no blocker - it's end of life and we should do it. having dcc support is important but there's really nothing impeding us to make OUR codebase p3 compatible. I think it's more procrastination. it's an easy excuse to not do it because it can take forever
Ashley: a large portion of our code cannot be tested in p3 and code that is dcc specific
JT: Paul Hildebrant from Disney mentioned that at Siggraph: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/vfx-platform-discuss/Nfsl8Uf-dpU
"Here are the text and notes for my slides from the Siggraph VFX Reference Platform BOF."
Ricky: one of the things we trying to hammer is the education aspect - so people start writing in p3 and we don't have to re-teach them
Ryan: we have found topics that we need to dwell
Ricky: dictionary usings and views - you have to pick your poison
Ashley: switch to unicode as default, string no longer the same as bytes it's the most diff thing to do. You don't have to thing about it too much but it's more about using p3 in the future and backport
Dora: what can we do to help edu?
Ryan: a good way would be to involve vendors that can provide specific poitns that have changed significally - some points might matter more for some dccs. the python docs is available out there, but the DCC specific doesn't exit so we can make sure it will exist 
JT: yes good point
Ashley: having trying to collate teaching materials for DNEg, info is very spread out and difficult to follow. your transition is going to depend on what your code is, and there's no much we can teach. having gone through a lot of material it would be beneficial to collate cause it's a diff topic to research. python modernise and six documentation is useful. couple of keynotes at pycon, one in particular found from instagram.
Ricky: there are different ways, six and future, or using the builtins. We try to avoid them as much as possible as we just do things that don't require any special magic
Ashley: we have been using some of the futures, in particular we haven't used unicode literals, as it can cause a lot of incompatible problems with libraries returning unicode. we haven't done encourangement future backport modules. six and future, people have only used when they are particularly interested in p3 so we didn't encouraged
Ryan: we haven't used unicode literals and didn't recommend anything specific
JT: a good group to ask would be the python pipeline designers BOF (150 people) - a lot of talk on how they were using python, qt. Could be useful to ask them. 
Ahshley: python in production, from Jim (dneg).
JT: he's on top of this stuff. I work with Blender so my situation is a bit different. I'm my own IT department. Jim's group was a great size group and wanting to collaborate. I would hate to see people reinventing the wheel
Ahshley: I would have to catch up with him
Ashley: going back to edu, I think it would be useful to collate everything in resources (action point)

ACTION POINTS:
- start a list of resources for py3 conversions (ashley to start)

## Format of future meetings
Ashley: in the future meetings, if we have some time, vfx houses to talk about how they are transitioning or planning to do it so it will give others idea and opportunity to do it
Ryan: if we could have some people that are prepared, whether it's formally or informally as a general discussion
Ricky: it's super valuable to know what's working and not working. we are trying to get metrics
Ashley: any volunteer for a presentation?
Ollie: or a 3 minutes for what my plan is?
Ryan: we would, but not right now
Ricky:  we too, we are still flushing out the plan
Ollie: we can pose it as what we want in a wish list from different people's perpectives, rather than the whole plan. Collate edu topics sounds like a good idea
Ashley: maybe it's a good idea for the future, but not right now

## back to education deliverables
Ollie: we have a lot of non-software engineers, temp people, lighters doing bit and pieces. SHould we focus on them?
Mark: analogy: data scientists that used anaconda with simultaneus py2.7 and py3 environments, isolated and working. trying nuance in p3 
JT: I'm doing the same with the USD group, separate environments. valid tool and I can present once I've presented to the USD
Ryan: gather documentation together. we dont' want a giant list of links. what kind of docs we found that works well? easy to read and explain? carefully gathered
Ashley: rather than creating a list of links would you suggest writing the docs ourselves?
Ryan: no, more like curating the list of links rather than dump everything in 1 page. not sure how we would measure that 

Ollie: who is going to start?
Ashley: I am going to start writing
Ryan: other big topic: python bindings aspect of it - it can be difficult or not, depending on the setup. it is another big aspect that will hit us fairly hard. 
Ashley: last time it was mentioned it was hard to switch with pybind, what are the downsides etc. depending on the code base it takes a very long time to switch and we were working with a fairly significantly sized piece of code. I am afraid for the renders
Ryan: it's very difficult without something to link against, i.e. a version of a DCC with a compatible version of python. You don't know it until you can run it
Ashley: for pyside, there's a tool called stubgen, for generating function stubs for your pybind code. we are experiment with that atm. we want to try static linting and type checking with that stuff, esp cause our test coverage is not great.
