# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - November 30th, 2020**

## Attendees
* Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* JT Nelson, Pasadena Python
* Ryan Bottriell, Sony Imageworks
* Eric Scheidemantle
* Dora Morolli, Weta Digital
* Mark Wiebe, AWS

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Ashley Whetter

- Review action points from last meeting
  - Add What's new & what's going away in 3.9 to repo notes **JT Nelson**
  - Pull together some notes on what SideFX ran into when converting code that
    uses the raw python C API for the best practices docs **Robert Vinluan**
  - Start opening smaller, curated pull requests against the best
    practices guide (eventually close the current WIP one) **David Aguilar**
  - Add a note to the best practices about the minimum version of
    modernize that needs to be used to fix the long -> int conversion
    in maya.cmds function calls (once a section about modernize has
    been added to the guide) **Ashley Whetter**

- PR review
  - Minor change to backports list by Ashley Whetter

- Items added to agenda
  - None

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - None

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
    - 14th December 2020

# Action Items (AIs)
  - Send out a reminder to watch the github repo to the mailing list
    **Ashley Whetter**

# Notes
- Review action points from last meeting
  - JT Nelson: Start using tox to find what's deprecated.
    Nobody is making a list.
    Ashley Whetter: Confirms what I heard from core devs.
    Some deprecations are still being decided on so no list has been written yet.
    pytest is good at spitting out deprecation warnings.

- Status Updates / Progress
  - Sony Imageworks still ticking along.
  - DNEG still ticking along in the core layer.
    - Ashley Whetter: One issue found switching from Boost Python to pybind
      is that the APIs of the two enum objects that they expose are different.
      When stringified, Boost enums stringify the value but pybind enums
      give a repr-like string of the enum instance itself,
      which is more in line with standard library enums.

# Chat
  -
