# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - December 14th, 2020**

## Attendees
* Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* David Aguilar - Disney Animation
* Martin de Lasa - Autodesk
* Sean Wallitsch - DWA
* Robert Vinluan - SideFX

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Robert Vinluan

- Review action points from last meeting
  - Add What's new & what's going away in 3.9 to repo notes **JT Nelson**
  - Pull together some notes on what SideFX ran into when converting code that
    uses the raw python C API for the best practices docs **Robert Vinluan**
  - Start opening smaller, curated pull requests against the best
    practices guide (eventually close the current WIP one) **David Aguilar**
  - Add a note to the best practices about the minimum version of
    modernize that needs to be used to fix the long -> int conversion
    in maya.cmds function calls (once a section about modernize has
    been added to the guide) **Ashley Whetter**
  - Send out a reminder to watch the github repo to the mailing list
    **Ashley Whetter**

- PR review
  - pylint, six, and python-modernize guidelines **David Aguilar**

- Items added to agenda
  - None

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - None mentioned

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
  - 11 January 2021

# Action Items (AIs)
  - Add SideFX CPython porting notes to the github repo
    **Robert Vinluan**
  - Send out a reminder to watch the github repo to the mailing list
    **Ashley Whetter**

# Notes
  - Add What's new & what's going away in 3.9 to repo notes
    - Ashley:
      - There is no definitive list of what's going away.
      - Unsure if this should be added to the repo or not.  There is currently nothing to add.
      - Consider this action point as done.

  - Best Practices document
    - Ashley:
      - Perhaps rename the document to "Guidelines" or "Transition Guide".
      - Recommend to give it a few more days for others to review the document and PR.

  - SideFX CPython porting fixes and notes
    - Robert:
      - 80% of CPython fixes in Houdini's code base were simple `PyInt` => `PyLong` and `PyString` => `PyUnicode` function conversions.
      - In Python 3, we lost the ability to create in-memory-only compiled extension modules.  The new `PyModule_Create` interface requires compiled extension modules to exist on disk, which is probably best practice anyway.
      - When handling exceptions, the caught exception should be normalized first with `PyErr_NormalizeException`.  Normalizing with `PyErr_NormalizeException` can cause the incoming exception arguments (i.e. `value`) to be auto-decremented and deleted in the next garbage collection run.  This is not an issue unless you hold onto references to the old exception objects after the normalization call.  This is what we did in Houdini and it led to 3 weeks of debugging to track down.
      - We build and ship Python with Houdini.  We build with default `configure` options.  On macOS, we build Python as a framework to make it compatible with the system Python that ships with Mac.  However, this makes Houdini's Python support incompatible with other Python distributions like Mac Ports, Anaconda, etc.  Not sure what other studios and vendors do on Mac.
      - What's the next step for the CPython porting notes?
    - Ashley:
      - Recommend to upload the notes to the github repo for reference.
      - Keep it separate from the best practices document.  Most people will likely only be interested in the pure Python fixes.
    - Robert:
      - Need to clean up the markdown in the document so that it is readable on github.
      
# Chat
  - 
