# ASWF Python 3 Working Group
## Date
13 July 2020

## Action Items
* Please provide feedback to Ashley about  his [PR](https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/wg-python3/pull/3) on https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/wg-python3
* Consider nudging -owners- Py3 spreadsheet and ask people to update it [link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10XG92byepTD-LEeXx4mBjhGaNPtJsd_QaXlZ866wj7k/edit#gid=0)

## Attendees
* Martin de Lasa (Autodesk)
* Ollie Harding (DNeg)
* Dora Morolli (Weta)
* JT Nelson
* Brent Villalobos (Dreamworks)
* Mark Wiebe
* Ashley Whetter (DNeg)

## Agenda
* Review action points for last meeting
* Election of permanent chair
	* Any volunteers?
	* Ashley will be the chair.
* Vendor interest in the effort
* Current Blockers?
	* Whatâ€™s blocking people from doing the python 3 conversion?
	* DNEG
		* Has been hitting a few issues they are considering contributing back to the community
		* While moving bindings to pybind some issues have been encountered around type signature being generated and how they are being interpreted by [mypy](http://mypy-lang.org)
		* Not a blocker ATM but it is slowing down efforts to use static type checking
* Status Updates / Progress
	* DNEG
	* Autodesk
* Questions
	* Do people want to do a show-and-tell about status/progress?
* Vendor Support
	* Should we include the Foundry in these meetings (WIP)?
	* Can we create a critical mass of software vendors to make sure everything is ready?
	
