# ASWF Python 3 Working Group (2020/07/27)
## Action Items
- [ ] Create a markdown page that makes the transition message as clear as possible [**Martin**]
	* What version(s) will support Python 2/3 concurrently?
	* What will be the last version to support only Python 2?
	* When do vendors expect only Python 3 support?
	* Any vendor specific recommendations?
	* Keep it simple so people don’t need to read the tea leaves
- [ ] Create tables listing the most important plug-ins people need migrated to Python 3 (TBD)

## Attendees
* David Aguilar 
* Ryan Bottriell
* Martin de Lasa 
* Dhrub Ghovil
* Ollie Harding
* Jess Lehrman
* Joe Lohmar
* JT Nelson
* Ibrahim Sani Kache
* Sean Wallitsch
* Ashley Whetter
* Mark Wiebe

## Agenda
* Review action points for last meeting
* Any comments about [Added additional Boost Python info. by csyshing · Pull Request #6 · AcademySoftwareFoundation/wg-python3 · GitHub](https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/wg-python3/pull/6/files)?
* -Any blockers?-
* Any status updates?
	* Ryan B - having issues “motivating” teams; lack of commitment ATM
	* Key issues appears to be lack of dates from vendors
* Python 3 Transition Value Proposition
	* **Pros**
		* Security patches
		* A number of dev-centric improvements
			* Async and other cool features
			* Thirdparty libraries - many have dropped python 2 support
			* Compiler support (you may be stuck re-building things)
			* Platform compatibility/support
			* Improved type checking support
		* Ability to on-board and hire talent
		* Standardization of Practice
		* The Python 2 toolchain is (bit) rotting
			* Increasingly we expect to run into conflicts b/w the library and tool chain (e.g., SSL versions)
			* People end up having to use a number of workarounds
			* It’s possible that PyPi extensions will cease to work with Python 2
		* Speed improvements
	* **Cons**
		* It will take effort / time
		* The path forward is unclear
			* No common / shared / established best practices
		* You may bifurcate your code base
			* Near term increase in complexity for a (possible) long-term payoff
			* There is also a bifurcation of your bugs
* Improving Python Usage across VFX
	* Are there ways we can work more closely with the Python community directly to promote patterns/usages that would make like better / easier for us?
* What about 3rdparty plug-ins?
	* Do vendors have a complete list of what’s important? 
* Risks
	* Some vendors may not have released versions in every calendar year (e.g., CY17 -> CY20)
	* Propose that vendors ship a “transition” release
