# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - 8th February 2021**

## Attendees
* Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* Jean-Christophe Morin
* JT Nelson, Pasadena Python
* Lauren Neely, Warner Media
* Robert Vinluan, SideFX
* Ryan Bottriell, Imageworks
* Mark Wiebe, AWS
* David Aguilar, Disney Animation

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - David Aguilar

- Review action points from last meeting
  - Discuss with the VFX platform committee how we can communicate to vendors
    that we would like to see Python modules that they distribute
    to be namespaced. **Robert Vinluan**

- Review action points notes RE: namespacing Python libraries
  - RV - Could be difficult to solve vendoring in general.
  - JCM - Namespacing libraries in Python.  Pip had a script to renderize all of their
    dependencies inside pip and decided to externalize this library.
    "vendorize"(?) -- renames imports and handles this for you.
  - AW - Typing library is hard to vendorize, puts things into a global space.
  - RB - Vendorizing gets messy in a plugin ecosystem.  Mixing between
    vendorized and non-vendorized versions.  Types not the same.
  - JCM - Possible with some dependencies, but it depends on risk and clashes
    that it might cause.
  - RB - Does solve problem nicely in that DCC can have more freedom to ship
    libraries with itself.  This is a nice property.  The DCC python
    environment is typically locked in that we can't upgrade vendor
    dependencies, so it does open up freedom for upgrading the surrounding
    python environment when vendoring is done.
  - RV - On Houdini side we have two classifications in some that we can
    override, and are okay to upgrade.  There is another set where a specific
    version is needed, PySide2 is one that is forced to a specific version and
    is not intended to be replaced.
  - MW - There is a difference between exported / public types vs. an internal
    type that is not exposed to any public interfaces.  Need to be mindful of
    types that are internal vs. types that need control when exposed, for
    example numpy types in an interface can require specific versions of
    numpy to be provided in the environment.
  - AW - This came up because versions of six were older in some DCCs.
  - RV - Do we have an idea of a minimum version of six that we'd like to see?
  - JCM - Using the latest seems like a safe choice.  There won't be many new
    six releases.
  - AW - Would like 1.12 because it introduced a pair of new functions,
    ensure_binary and ensure_text.
  - RB - There probably won't be many updates to six because of Python 3.

- PR review
  - Add a list of known DCCs that ship with six **Jean-Christophe Morin**
  - Add a note to the best practices about the minimum version of
    modernize that needs to be used to fix the long -> int conversion
    in maya.cmds function calls **Ashley Whetter**

- Items added to agenda
  - None
  - Anything folks would like to bring up?
  - RB - Katana is going to have a Python 3 version but won't have a Python 2
    compatibility change.
  - DA - Maya 2022 is supposed to be built on vfx2021, which makes Python 3
    porting a little bit more risky because it skipped over vfx2020,
    which is a helpful transitionary platform release.
  - AW - Maya 2022 is not completely vfx2021 and vfx2020, TBD.  Have been working
    with Autodesk about perhaps having Maya 2022 built on vfx2020.

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - None mentioned

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
    - Day Month Year

# Action Items (AIs)
  - Get a statement from the Foundry about when they intend to drop Python 2
    support in Katana. **Ashley Whetter**

# Notes
  - None

# Chat
  - None
