# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - March 22nd, 2021**

## Attendees
* Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* Mark Wiebe (AWS)
* Robert Vinluan (SideFX)
* Jean-Christophe Morin (Signiant)
* JT Nelson (Pasadena Python)
* Serogio Rojas

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Ashley Whetter

- Review action points from last meeting
  - Discuss with the VFX platform committee how we can communicate to vendors
    that we would like to see Python modules that they distribute
    to be namespaced. **Robert Vinluan**
    - Robert:
      - six version: Recommended to all vendors to use the latest.
        Agreement amongst vendors that this is the right thing to do.
      - Package vendoring: Vendors unaware of this solution.
        Concensus among vendors what that it is difficult to vendor things because
        some customers rely on the tools existing.
        Vendoring can also require patching a lot of files, which is difficult to manage.
        Some smaller things might be vendored because it's easier to do.
      - What libraries are difficult to manage?
        Please give concrete examples to vendors if you have any.
    - Jean-Christophe: More about peace of mind. No examples right now.
    - Ashley: Usually a problem when included packages are missing files (eg headers or library files)
      or when the packages are patched in a way that prevents other things building against it as normal.
      This is such a problem for us that we always break apart the the whole DCC
      and replace the third party bits with the vanilla third party packages that
      we have built ourselves. But this is a lengthy process.
    - Robert: We try to patch only at build time to avoid some of those problems.
      Not heard problems from customers so let us know if you find any!

- PR review
  - None

- Items added to agenda
  - None

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - None mentioned

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
    - 19th April 2021 (5th April is a bank holiday for many)

# Action Items (AIs)
  - None

# Notes
  - (Copied from slack) Ashley: I've checked our responsibilities and deliverables
  to make sure that the group is achieving everything that it's supposed to be,
  but now that we have a transition guide I think that there won't be loads for us to discuss
  until more studios start scaling up their transitions.

# Chat
  - None
