# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - 17th May 2021**

## Attendees
* [ ] Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* [ ] Person B, Affiliation B
* [ ] Person C, Affiliation C
* [ ] Person D, Affiliation D

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Person

- Review action points from last meeting
  - (Ashley) Poll the slack channel for status updates from studios.

- PR review
  - None

- Items added to agenda
  - None

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - None mentioned

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
  - 31st May 2021

# Action Items (AIs)
  - None

# Notes
  - None

# Chat
  - None
