# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - 17th May 2021**

## Attendees
* [ ] Ashley Whetter, Chairperson, DNEG
* [x] Ryan Bottriell, ILM
* [x] JT Nelson, Pasadena Python
* [x] David Aguilar, Disney Animation
* [x] Robert Vinluan, SideFX

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Ryan Bottriell

- Review action points from last meeting
  - (Ashley) Poll the slack channel for status updates from studios.
    - No updates

- PR review
  - None

- Items added to agenda
  - None

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - DA - we now have a plan in place and are actioning it
    - Aggressively targeting the EOY, but not really expecting to hit that, more like the end of next year
    - Aligned a little to pixar, who seem to have a slimilar timeline
    - Hoping to push on with the 2021 reference platform but using python 2 - hoping this is the  last py2 environment to be supported
  - RB - recently moved from Imageworks to ILM so still figuring out where we are

- Additional items
  - JT - offered to bring in flask maintainer for an AMA about their recent announcements moving to python3
    - will see if there's interest in the mailing list and possibly schedule some time in the next wg meeting if needed

- Next meeting
  - 31st May 2021

# Action Items (AIs)
  - (Ashley) Poll the slack channel for status updates from studios.
  - (JT) Poll for interest in a flask AMA, and schedule time if desired

# Chat
  - None
