# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - February 22nd, 2021**

## Attendees
* Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* Person B, Affiliation B
* Person C, Affiliation C
* Person D, Affiliation D

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Person

- Review action points from last meeting
  - Discuss with the VFX platform committee how we can communicate to vendors
    that we would like to see Python modules that they distribute
    to be namespaced. **Robert Vinluan**
  - Get a statement from the Foundry about when they intend to drop Python 2
    support in Katana. **Ashley Whetter**

- PR review
  - None

- Items added to agenda
  - None

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - None mentioned

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
    - Day Month Year

# Action Items (AIs)
  - None

# Notes
  - None

# Chat
  - None
