# **ASWF Python 3 Working Group Meeting - January 25th, 2021**

## Attendees
* [ ] Ashley Whetter - Chairperson, DNEG
* [ ] David Aguilar, Disney Animation
* [ ] Robert Vinluan, SideFX
* [ ] Ryan Bottriell, Imageworks
* [ ] Jean-Christophe Morin
* [ ] Mark Wiebe, AWS
* [ ] Dora Morolli, Weta
* [ ] JT Nelson, Pasadena Python

# Agenda

- Notetaker
  - Jean-Christophe Morin

- Review action points from previous meetings
  - Start opening smaller, curated pull requests against the best
    practices guide (eventually close the current WIP one) **David Aguilar**
    - Completed. We will continue to update the guide in the future.
  - Add a note to the best practices about the minimum version of
    modernize that needs to be used to fix the long -> int conversion
    in maya.cmds function calls (once a section about modernize has
    been added to the guide) **Ashley Whetter**
    - Unblocked.

- PR review
  - Add SideFX CPython porting document **Robert Vinluan**
    - Completed and merged.

- Items added to agenda
  - Make note of old versions of six in nest practices guide **Jean-Christophe Morin**
    - (Jean-Christophe) Should we include a list of DCC versions and the
      version of six that they include?
    - (Ashley) Yes. To send a list of DCCs and six versions that DNEG has.

- Any current blockers for Python 3 conversion?
  - None mentioned

- Status Updates / Progress
  - DNEG: Core layer done and starting to move tools to running in Python 3 in
    production. About to get stuck getting other teams to start.
  - Imageworks: Moving very slowly. Lots of development milestones to hit at the
    moment.
  - Weta: Developing our own compatibility library. Not using six. Should we?
    - (Ashley) We do because it's stable and we didn't want to maintain our own
      thing.
    - (Ryan) We didn't want to maintain our own either.
  - Disney Animation: Currently setting up a Python 3 environment
    to run alongside the Python 2 ones. A long way off from using it in
    production.
  - Smaller Studios: No recent updates.

- Additional items
  - None

- Next meeting
    - 8th February 2021

# Action Items (AIs)
- Discuss with the VFX platform committee how we can communicate to vendors
  that we would like to see Python modules that they distribute
  to be namespaced. **Robert Vinluan**
- Include a list of DCC versions and assocaited versions of six in the
  transition guide. **Jean-Christophe Morin**

# Notes
  -

# Chat
- (Jean-Christophe) Should DCCs namespace the python libraries their ship with
  (six, numpy, etc)?
  - Studios would probably like it, (Robert) but DCCs have to maintain compatibility.
  - (Mark) Anything third party should be namespaced.
    Anything in the standard library and the DCC specific module should remain
    unnamespaced.
- (David) Which version of numpy to use in CY2020. The VFX platform version is
  Python 3 only. We opted for using 1.14.0 from CY2019.
  - (Robert) We did the same in Python 2 build of Houdini.
